+++
title = 'About'
description = 'Juca Aquino artist portfolio website about bio section'
+++

![Juca Aquino Portrait](/images/portrait.jpg)

Juca Aquino is a painter currently living and working in Winnipeg MB. Born in
São Paulo and raised by architect parents, Juca draws from Brazilian Modernist
architecture, landscaping and painting. In Juca's most recent body of work "All
of the Above," he used mediums like silkscreen, relief printing and spray
painting. These techniques allowed him to expedite the painting process,
while also allowing for improvisation and imprecision. He produced over
200 paintings some of which were exhibited at La Maison des artistes visuels
francophones, School of Art Student Gallery (University of Manitoba) and Martha
Street Studio. Juca has worked for Plug In ICA as a private contractor and for
Winnipeg Film Group as a coding workshop instructor.

<!--
Imogene Strauss is a multidisciplinary creative director and designer. Born in
New York City, she lives and works in Los Angeles. Raised by artist parents and
constantly surrounded by inspiration, Imogene began working in the arts in her
early 20s managing Solange and Blood Orange and serving as a music
curator—notably of the legendary MoMA PS1 WarmUp series—alongside other
projects. Her work as a creative director evolved naturally out of the deep
artistic relationships she fostered with her management clients. 


M.E. Sparks (she/her) is an artist and educator currently living in Winnipeg,
MB, Treaty 1 Territory. Sparks works primarily with paint and canvas. Through a
practice of pulling apart and recombining borrowed forms, both art historical
and autobiographical, she looks for the moment an image loses its
representational solidity. Recently, she has been exploring material
possibilities of un-stretched painted canvas. Paintings are cut apart, layered
and draped in an effort to obstruct and reimagine both the pictorial space of
painting and its historical narrative.

Sparks holds an MFA from Emily Carr University (Vancouver) and BFA from NSCAD
University (Halifax). She is a recipient of project and research grants from
Canada Council for the Arts, Winnipeg Arts Council, BC Arts Council, and Arts
Nova Scotia. Recent exhibitions include and a Rag in the Other at the
Alternator Centre for Contemporary Art (Kelowna, 2022), We can only hint at
this with words at the Gordon Smith Gallery of Canadian Art (North Vancouver,
2022) and A Fine Line at Trapp Projects (Vancouver, 2021).



Ai Weiwei is renowned for making strong aesthetic statements that resonate with
timely phenomena across today’s geopolitical world. From architecture to
installations, social media to documentaries, Ai uses a wide range of mediums
as expressions of new ways for his audiences to examine society and its values.
Recent exhibitions include: Ai Weiwei: Resetting Memories at MARCO in
Monterrey, Ai Weiwei: Bare Life at the Mildred Lane Kemper Museum in St. Louis,
Ai Weiwei at the K20/K21 in Dusseldorf, and Good Fences Make Good Neighbors
with the Public Art Fund in New York City.

Ai was born in Beijing in 1957 and currently resides and works in Berlin. Ai is
the recipient of the 2015 Ambassador of Conscience Award from Amnesty
International and the 2012 Václav Havel Prize for Creative Dissent from the
Human Rights Foundation. 
-->

<a href="/cv/aquino-cv.pdf" target="_blank">Download CV</a>

